gh-115986 Improve pprint documentation accuracy (#117403)
python/cpython: Doc/library/pprint.rst

objects which are not representable as Python literals.

The formatted representation keeps objects on a single line if it can, and
breaks them onto multiple lines if they don't fit within the allowed width,

> adjustable by the same name parameter defaulting to 80 characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
adjustable by the *width* parameter defaulting to 80 characters.
```
Better to be explicit
